- [Narrator] In this lesson,
we're going to build and configure a JSON Writer,
and then use that JSON Writer to write JSON
to an output source.
So, to get started we're going to work
within our order resource, once again.
And this time, we're going to start out
by building a Map.
This map is going to contain configuration properties
for our JSON Writer.
It has two generic arguments.
The first is a String,
which will be the key for the Map;
and, the second is a Boolean,
which is the value for the Map.
I'm going to name this Map configMap,
and then I'm going to instantiate it as a new HashMap.
Within the configMap, we're going to go ahead
and add a property, using the PUT method,
and that property is going to be found
on our JSON Generator Object,
and it's the Pretty Printing property.
And this is going to allow us to format
the JSON output that is written by the JSON Writer.
So we'll just go ahead and set that to true.
And then, we're going to start building our JSON Writer.
In order to build the JSON Writer,
we're going to use a JSON Writer Factory.
And we're just going to name
our JSON Writer Factory, JsonWriterFactory.
And in order to construct it, we use the JSON Object,
and it's create Writer Factory method.
You'll notice that that method accepts
a Map of configuration items.
So we're going to go ahead and pass in our configMap,
and then we have a Writer Factory.
Now, the next thing we'll need to do
is create an output source for our Writer.
And we're just going to use a String Writer.
So I'm going to go ahead and make a String Writer,
and we'll instantiate that using
the new operator and the constructor.
And then, from here we can start building our JSON Writer.
The JSON Writer does implement the auto-closable interface,
so we will surround it within a Try block,
that will cause the Writer to be closed
once the block is completed.
Once we've established a JSON Writer Object,
we'll use the Factory.
And the Factory has a Create Writer method on it.
And that accepts our output source,
which is going to be our String Writer.
And then from there, we'll add the body
to the Try block there, and from here
we can use the Writer to write the Object.
And we'll pass in the JSON Object
that we previously created.
And now that it is within the Writer,
we can use our String Writer to output our JSON.
So, I'm just going to write it to the console,
and then we're also going to send that to our JMS queue,
so I'll pull that method up.
We'll just clean things up here a little.
And we can now grab our String Writer,
and then use the toString method to write out our JSON.
Okay, with everything in place let's go ahead,
we'll save the project,
then we'll start our application.
We'll keep an eye on the console here
as the application starts.
And then we're going to use our PowerShell command
to send an HTTP message
to our JAX-RS API.
And now if we inspect our console output,
we can see our JSON, and it has been printed
using the Pretty Printing that we configured,
and it was passed over to the JMS consumer.
So that concludes our work with the JSON Writer
and the JSON-P Object Model API.